chore(release): 4.0.8 (#519)
paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. See [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) for commit guidelines.

> ## [4.0.7](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar/compare/v4.0.6...v4.0.7) (2021-04-19)

Reviewer: Add this line back below since we already released 4.0.7.

Author: Didnt even realize i had deleted that... 
Thanks

### Experimental Feature 

> * **PLO endpoints** Add a set of endpoint's in order to query information regarding parachains and parathreads. This is currently purely experimental, and any and all feedback is welcome. Expect changes as the polkadot ecosystem continues to develop their parachain's module. ([#509](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar/pull/509))([1fa4f94](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar/commit/1fa4f94e5a635256f06392b71d5d75e80533351f))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **PLO endpoints** Adds a set of endpoint's in order to query information regarding parachains, parathreads, and the parachain lease offering (PLO) system. These endpoints are marked as experimental because we may break their APIs without bumping this service's major version. Expect changes as polkadot's PLO system develops. ([#509](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar/pull/509))([1fa4f94](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar/commit/1fa4f94e5a635256f06392b71d5d75e80533351f))
```

Author: Love this explanation!

* All routes are prefixed with `/experimental/paras`

>     * `/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `/experimental/paras/`
```

Lets add the prefix to all of them

Author: Sounds good!
